Estee Lauder Advanced Night Repair alternative?
I tried ANR a while ago and absolutely loved it. In the mornings after I would use it, my cheeks would be rosy and my skin felt really hydrated. I really can't justify the cost though. Since I've made my own vit. C serums, I'm totally open to making a recipe similar to ANR. Or buying something like it that's less pricey. Any ideas? Thanks!! :)

Some questions about Estee Lauder Advanced Night Repair.
Hey everyone, I come bearing some questions. I'm 23, and I received a few samples of Estee Lauder Advanced Night Repair about a year ago. I fell in love and have since gone through a bottle and a half. I use it every night and my skin has never looked so smooth or clear. Since I started using the ANR, I don't even wear foundation anymore.

1.) What the heck is it and what does it do to my skin? 2.) Have I started too young? I don't have any wrinkles or fine lines. 3.) Should I use and or avoid any products because of the key ingredients in the ANR?

I know I love what it does to my skin, I just don't know if I'm using it for the right reasons, or even what it's supposed to do.

Thanks!

Estee Lauder Skincare
I had my foundation (Doublewear) done at an Estee Lauder (UK) counter yesterday and the girl said she was putting an advanced repair serum on, then she put on something in a light blue tube. I didn't want to buy any of it at the time as my skin can be quite oily as the day progresses and putting something which seemed so oily didn't seem like a great ideaa, anyway it didn't turn out as bad as I was expecting so I went online to purchase them but I cant seem to find them.

The only Advanced repair serum I can find is the night one, would this have been it? Is this ok to wear under foundation on a daily basis?

Does anyone know what the 2nd product would have been? Vague I know!

My skin is quite dry in the morning making foundation application quite patchy, these two products solved that issue so I'd love to know what they are or some recommendations as to what I could use?

Question about serums
Hey guys. First of all, a huge thank you to all the contributors in this subreddit. After 28 years I finally have control on my skin and have become more educated about products and ingredients than I ever thought possible. You guys rules. Now I have a question about serums.

Currently I'm using Estee Lauder Even Skintone Illuminator. Its pretty good, it definitely gives my skin an extra boost of..oomph and evens me out pretty well. The only downside is that it's freaking expensive. I've heard a lot of talk about Silk Naturals Super Serum and I'm definitely interested in trying it. Can you guys give me a quick run down of exactly what it might do for me/what it has done for you? My main concerns are evening me out and giving my face a more healthy look. I have break outs, mainly hormonal, but they've subsided over the last few months. I still have some acne scars I'm looking to minimize. Do I sound like a good candidate for Super Serum? And if so, can I alternate between that and the Estee Lauder until I use that up, or should I just choose one or the other? Thanks everyone!